Leonardo DiCaprio is an award-winning actor and a three-time Academy Award® nominee.  DiCaprio’s 5th collaboration with Director Martin Scorsese “The Wolf of Wall Street” is available on Blu-ray & DVD now. DiCaprio starred as Jay Gatsby in “The Great Gatsby”, directed by Baz Luhrmann. Prior to “The Great Gatsby”, he starred in “Django Unchained,” where he received a Golden Globe nomination for his work. As the title role in “J. Edgar”, under the direction of Clint Eastwood, he received Golden Globe, Critics’ Choice and Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Award® nominations for his work in the film. Additionally, he starred in Christopher Nolan’s blockbuster “Inception,” and the dramatic thriller “Shutter Island,” which marked his fourth collaboration with director Martin Scorsese.DiCaprio earned an Oscar® nomination in 2007 for his performance in Edward Zwick’s drama “Blood Diamond,” also receiving Golden Globe, Critics’ Choice and Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Award® nominations for his work in the film.  That same year, he garnered Golden Globe, BAFTA Award, Critics’ Choice Award and SAG Award® nominations for his role in the Oscar®-winning Best Picture “The Departed,” directed by Scorsese.  He also shared in a SAG Award® nomination for Outstanding Motion Picture Cast Performance as a member of the ensemble cast of “The Departed.”He previously earned an Academy Award® nomination for his performance in Scorsese’s acclaimed 2004 biopic “The Aviator.”  DiCaprio’s portrayal of Howard Hughes in that film also brought him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama, as well as Critics’ Choice and BAFTA Award nominations.  He was also honored with two SAG Award® nominations, one for Best Actor and another for Outstanding Motion Picture Cast Performance as part of the “The Aviator” cast.In addition to his acting work, DiCaprio launched his own production company, Appian Way.  Under the Appian Way banner, he wrote, produced and narrated the acclaimed environmentally themed documentary “The 11th Hour.”  Among Appian Way’s other productions are the aforementioned “Shutter Island” and “The Aviator,” as well as “The Ides of March,” “Red Riding Hood,” “Orphan,” “Public Enemies” and the soon to be released “Out of the Furnace” starring Christian Bale and Woody Harrelson and “Runner, Runner” starring Justin Timberlake and Ben Affleck.Born in Hollywood, California, DiCaprio started acting at the age of 14.  His breakthrough feature film role came in Michael Caton-Jones’ 1993 screen adaptation of Tobias Wolff’s autobiographical drama “This Boy’s Life.”  That same year, he co-starred in Lasse Hallström’s “What’s Eating Gilbert Grape,” earning his first Oscar® and Golden Globe nominations for his performance as a mentally handicapped young man.  In addition, he won the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association’s New Generation Award for his work in the film.In 1995, DiCaprio had starring roles in three very different films, beginning with Sam Raimi’s Western, “The Quick and the Dead.”  He also garnered praise for his performance as drug addict Jim Carroll in the harrowing drama “The Basketball Diaries,” and for his portrayal of disturbed pansexual poet Arthur Rimbaud in Agnieszka Holland’s “Total Eclipse.”  The following year, DiCaprio starred in Baz Luhrmann’s contemporary screen adaptation of “William Shakespeare’s Romeo + Juliet,” for which he won the Best Actor Award at the Berlin International Film Festival.  He also joined an all-star ensemble cast in “Marvin’s Room,” sharing in a SAG Award® nomination for Outstanding Motion Picture Cast Performance.